[GeoMechanicsApplication] Add CRS test (#14447)
KratosMultiphysics/Kratos: applications/GeoMechanicsApplication/tests/test_element_lab/test_crs/README.md

# Constant Rate of Strain (CRS) test

> The CRS test is essential for simulating one-dimensional consolidation behavior under controlled strain conditions.

Reviewer: In our simulation we are not really doing consolidation as we keep P_w constant and zero. Only the soil skeleton behaviour is simulated. To really do consolidation, you would mesh the specimen with a finer element distribution and compute the P_w D.o.F. with P_w boundary conditions too.

Author: Does the soil skeleton not also have consolidation? Let's discuss this, because I don't really understand and know what to do with it.

Reviewer: The term consolidation is used for compaction as a result of diminishing the pore volume due to pushing water out. The skeleton of soil grains can also be compressed, but that phenomenon is not called consolidation and is, apart from creep phenomena, not  time dependent. Our elastic and plastic constitutive laws do not contain creep and are not time dependent.

This test simulates a CRS test with 5 phases, precribing a constant rate of strain to alter loading and unloading phases. This is a regression test.

The test covers the **drained** model (CONSTANT_PW_FIELD) for:
| Property | Linear Elastic | Mohr-Coulomb |
| ------------- | ------------- | -------------: |
| Young's modulus [kN/m^2] | 1.0e+04 | 2.0e+04 |
| Poisson's ratio [-] | 0.25 | 0.25 |
| Cohesion [kN/m^2] | - | 2.0 |
| Friction angle [deg] | - | 25.0 |
| Tensile strength [kN/m^2] | - | 0.0 |
| Dilatancy angle [deg] | - | 2.0 |

## Setup
A schematic overview of the test setup is displayed in the figure below.
An axisymmetric element is used and the symmetry axis is showed here as a red dashed line.

![MeshStructure](drawing.svg)

The test is performed under the following conditions:

- **Constraints**:
    - The bottom nodes (1, 2, 3) are fixed in the X and Y directions.

>     - The side nodes (3, 6, 9) are fixed in the X direction but free to move in teh Y direction.

Reviewer 2: two typos `teh`

>     - The nodes on the symmetry axis (1, 4, 7) are fixed in the X direction but free to move in teh Y direction.

Reviewer: typo in the
```suggestion
    - The side nodes (3, 6, 9) are fixed in the X direction but free to move in the Y direction.
    - The nodes on the symmetry axis (1, 4, 7) are fixed in the X direction but free to move in the Y direction.
```

    - The top nodes (7, 8, 9) have prescribed displacements in the Y-direction for each phase.

The displacements per phase are:
| Phase | Y-Displacement |

> | -------------: | -------------: |

Reviewer 2: Should be time added as comments?
